com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentOtherMediaStreamBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentOtherMediaStreamBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentExerciseLibraryCreateBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentExerciseLibraryCreateBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityAddNotesNewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityAddNotesNewBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/room_db/GithubTypeConverters.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.GithubTypeConverters
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.GithubTypeConverters$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.GithubTypeConverters$2
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.GithubTypeConverters$3
com/doviesfitness/databinding/CollectionDownloadGroupItemViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.CollectionDownloadGroupItemViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentShowPagerPlanOverViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentShowPagerPlanOverViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/exercise_listing/CustomLinearLayoutManager.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.exercise_listing.CustomLinearLayoutManager
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentSettingFragmanetBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentSettingFragmanetBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityDietPlanWebViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityDietPlanWebViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentShowWeekTwoBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentShowWeekTwoBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/SampleChooserActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.SampleChooserActivity
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.SampleChooserActivity$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.SampleChooserActivity$PlaylistHolder
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.SampleChooserActivity$SampleListLoader
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/workout_tab/swipe_items/OnStartDragListener.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.workout_tab.swipe_items.OnStartDragListener
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentDietPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentDietPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/IntentUtil.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.IntentUtil
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityCreateWorkoutBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityCreateWorkoutBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWeekThreeBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWeekThreeBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentShowWebviewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentShowWebviewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentStreamVideoBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentStreamVideoBinding
com/doviesfitness/utils/number_picker/Scroller.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.Scroller
com/doviesfitness/utils/MutedVideoView.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView$1
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView$2
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView$3
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView$4
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView$5
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView$6
 com.doviesfitness.utils.MutedVideoView$7
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/DemoUtil.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DemoUtil
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentStreamCollectionNewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentStreamCollectionNewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentDietPlanDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentDietPlanDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/PlayerActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.PlayerActivity
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.PlayerActivity$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.PlayerActivity$PlayerErrorMessageProvider
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.PlayerActivity$PlayerEventListener
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentShowPagerWorkOutPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentShowPagerWorkOutPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/DatePickerPopWin.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.DatePickerPopWin
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.DatePickerPopWin$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.DatePickerPopWin$2
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.DatePickerPopWin$3
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.DatePickerPopWin$4
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.DatePickerPopWin$Builder
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.DatePickerPopWin$OnDatePickedListener
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/utils/CustomVolleyRequest.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.CustomVolleyRequest
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.CustomVolleyRequest$1
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentShowWeekOneBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentShowWeekOneBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FeedViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FeedViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/package-info.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.package-info
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentDietPCategoryNewDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentDietPCategoryNewDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/customview/MyNestedScrollView.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.MyNestedScrollView
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/MTimer.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.MTimer
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWeekFour2Binding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWeekFour2Binding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityExerciseDetaillistBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityExerciseDetaillistBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityStreamLogHistoryBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityStreamLogHistoryBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyWorkoutSelectPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyWorkoutSelectPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityStreamWorkoutCompleteBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityStreamWorkoutCompleteBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/HlsVideo.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.HlsVideo
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyDietPlanNewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyDietPlanNewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityWorkoutLogBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityWorkoutLogBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/download_background/CustomDownloadManager.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.CustomDownloadManager
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/MainActivity2.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.MainActivity2
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/CollectionListItem.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.CollectionListItem
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentShowPagerDietPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentShowPagerDietPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/WorkoutListItem.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.WorkoutListItem
com/doviesfitness/utils/Pop_Up_Option.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.Pop_Up_Option
com/doviesfitness/databinding/StreamOverviewFragmentBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.StreamOverviewFragmentBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentDietPcategoryDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentDietPcategoryDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/glide/GlideThumbnailTransformation.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.glide.GlideThumbnailTransformation
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/queue/ui/QueueListViewActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListViewActivity
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListViewActivity$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListViewActivity$MyRemoteMediaClientCallback
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListViewActivity$MySessionManagerListener
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityFaqBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityFaqBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWorkoutCollectionSelectPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWorkoutCollectionSelectPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityCreateDietPlanWebViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityCreateDietPlanWebViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityMyDietPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityMyDietPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/queue/ui/QueueListViewFragment.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListViewFragment
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListViewFragment$1
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWorkoutPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWorkoutPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityStreamVideoPlayBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityStreamVideoPlayBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/VolleyCallBack.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.VolleyCallBack
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyWorkoutBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyWorkoutBinding
com/doviesfitness/utils/AppConstants.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.AppConstants
com/doviesfitness/ui/profile/inbox/activity/OverScrollBounceBehavior.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.profile.inbox.activity.OverScrollBounceBehavior
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/queue/ui/QueueListAdapter.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$2
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$3
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$EventListener
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$ItemTouchHelperViewHolder
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$OnStartDragListener
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$QueueItemViewHolder
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueListAdapter$QueueItemViewHolder$ControlStatus
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/expandedcontrols/ExpandedControlsActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.expandedcontrols.ExpandedControlsActivity
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/browser/VideoProvider.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoProvider
com/doviesfitness/utils/helloworld.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.helloworld
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/Connectors/UserService.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Connectors.UserService
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Connectors.UserService$1
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/queue/ui/QueueItemTouchHelperCallback.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueItemTouchHelperCallback
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.ui.QueueItemTouchHelperCallback$ItemTouchHelperAdapter
com/doviesfitness/ui/room_db/AppDatabase.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.AppDatabase
com/doviesfitness/databinding/PlayerActivityBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.PlayerActivityBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/LoopView.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.LoopView
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityCreateDietDetailActvityBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityCreateDietDetailActvityBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/customview/Cheeses.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.Cheeses
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityNewPlayerViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityNewPlayerViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityWorkoutCompleteBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityWorkoutCompleteBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FavFragmentFeedsBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FavFragmentFeedsBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWorkoutBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWorkoutBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/PopularCollectionWorkouts.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.PopularCollectionWorkouts
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/LoopViewGestureListener.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.LoopViewGestureListener
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityExerciseListingBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityExerciseListingBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentExerciseLibraryBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentExerciseLibraryBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentPlansBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentPlansBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentDietDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentDietDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityFilterExerciseBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityFilterExerciseBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/SplashActivity1.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.SplashActivity1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.SplashActivity1$1
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityNotificationExerciesBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityNotificationExerciesBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityMyWorkoutBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityMyWorkoutBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/TvHlsVideo.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.TvHlsVideo
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentPagerPlanOverViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentPagerPlanOverViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityAddToWorkOutPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityAddToWorkOutPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/DemoDownloadService.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DemoDownloadService
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DemoDownloadService$TerminalStateNotificationHelper
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/mediaplayer/LocalPlayerActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity$2
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity$3
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity$4
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity$5
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity$PlaybackLocation
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.mediaplayer.LocalPlayerActivity$PlaybackState
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/settings/CastPreference.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.settings.CastPreference
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/Model/Song.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Model.Song
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/browser/VideoListAdapter.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoListAdapter
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoListAdapter$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoListAdapter$2
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoListAdapter$3
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoListAdapter$ItemClickListener
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoListAdapter$ViewHolder
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/VideoBrowserActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.VideoBrowserActivity
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.VideoBrowserActivity$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.VideoBrowserActivity$2
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.VideoBrowserActivity$2$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.VideoBrowserActivity$MySessionManagerListener
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityViewLogImagesBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityViewLogImagesBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentSearchLayoutBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentSearchLayoutBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityContactUsBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityContactUsBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/MainActivity1.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.MainActivity1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.MainActivity1$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.MainActivity1$2
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/DModel.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.DModel
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.DModel$ProgressModal
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/WorkoutListItem.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.WorkoutListItem
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/Connectors/SongService.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Connectors.SongService
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Connectors.SongService$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Connectors.SongService$2
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Connectors.SongService$3
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/browser/VideoItemLoader.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoItemLoader
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityAddExerciseBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityAddExerciseBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityWorkoutlogListBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityWorkoutlogListBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityStreamVideoPlayLandscapeFromDownLoadBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityStreamVideoPlayLandscapeFromDownLoadBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/DownloadTracker.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DownloadTracker
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DownloadTracker$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DownloadTracker$DownloadManagerListener
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DownloadTracker$Listener
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DownloadTracker$StartDownloadDialogHelper
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.DownloadTracker$WidevineOfflineLicenseFetchTask
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/PinnedWorkout.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.PinnedWorkout
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentFavoriteExerciseBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentFavoriteExerciseBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/LoopListener.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.LoopListener
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityCretatDietPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityCretatDietPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWorkoutCollectionBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWorkoutCollectionBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityExpandedControlsChromecastBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityExpandedControlsChromecastBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/utils/Utils.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.Utils
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.Utils$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.Utils$2
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.Utils$3
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/utils/MediaRouteChooserDialogFragment.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouteChooserDialogFragment
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/download_background/DownloadBinder.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadBinder
com/doviesfitness/ui/spotify/Model/User.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.spotify.Model.User
com/doviesfitness/databinding/DownloadWorkoutVideoBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.DownloadWorkoutVideoBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/glide/GlideCustomModule.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.glide.GlideCustomModule
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ExampleBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ExampleBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivitySelectWorkOutPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivitySelectWorkOutPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/RecentWorkoutsItem.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.RecentWorkoutsItem
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FavFragmentWorkOutBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FavFragmentWorkOutBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWeekFourBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWeekFourBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyFavouriteBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyFavouriteBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/TrackSelectionView.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionView
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionView$FragmentAdapter
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionView$TrackSelectionViewFragment
com/doviesfitness/setting/SpringAppBarLayoutActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.setting.SpringAppBarLayoutActivity
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentHomeTabBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentHomeTabBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/Mp4Video.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.Mp4Video
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/utils/MediaRouterThemeHelper.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouterThemeHelper
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/workout_tab/activity/FullscreenVideoView.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.workout_tab.activity.FullscreenVideoView
com/doviesfitness/setting/CameraPreview.java
 com.doviesfitness.setting.CameraPreview
 com.doviesfitness.setting.CameraPreview$1
 com.doviesfitness.setting.CameraPreview$GetBitmap
com/doviesfitness/ui/room_db/DatabaseClient.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.DatabaseClient
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/browser/VideoBrowserFragment.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoBrowserFragment
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoBrowserFragment$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.browser.VideoBrowserFragment$MySessionManagerListener
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentDietPlanWebViewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentDietPlanWebViewBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentStreamLogBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentStreamLogBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/WatchOrDownloadVideoLayoutBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.WatchOrDownloadVideoLayoutBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/download_background/DownloadUtil.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil$2
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil$3
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil$4
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil$5
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil$5$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadUtil$6
com/doviesfitness/utils/number_picker/NumberPicker.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$1
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$2
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$3
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$AccessibilityNodeProviderImpl
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$BeginSoftInputOnLongPressCommand
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$ChangeCurrentByOneFromLongPressCommand
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$CustomEditText
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$Formatter
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$InputTextFilter
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$OnScrollListener
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$OnValueChangeListener
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$PressedStateHelper
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$SetSelectionCommand
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$SupportAccessibilityNodeProvider
 com.doviesfitness.utils.number_picker.NumberPicker$TwoDigitFormatter
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityFeedDetailsBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityFeedDetailsBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/TrackSelectionDialog.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialog
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialog$FragmentAdapter
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialog$TrackSelectionViewFragment
com/doviesfitness/databinding/StreamTrailerFragmentBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.StreamTrailerFragmentBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityInboxBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityInboxBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityShowDietPlanDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityShowDietPlanDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/VideoListItem.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.VideoListItem
com/doviesfitness/ui/room_db/LocalStream.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.LocalStream
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityCustomNotificationBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityCustomNotificationBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityTempDownWorkOutsVideoActvityBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityTempDownWorkOutsVideoActvityBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/Settings.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.Settings
com/doviesfitness/ui/customview/CustomMainActivity.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.CustomMainActivity
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.CustomMainActivity$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.CustomMainActivity$ArrayListFragment
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.CustomMainActivity$MyAdapter
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyProfileBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyProfileBinding
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/queue/QueueDataProvider.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.QueueDataProvider
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.QueueDataProvider$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.QueueDataProvider$MyRemoteMediaClientCallback
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.QueueDataProvider$MySessionManagerListener
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.queue.QueueDataProvider$OnQueueDataChangedListener
com/doviesfitness/utils/PermissionAll.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.PermissionAll
com/doviesfitness/BuildConfig.java
 com.doviesfitness.BuildConfig
com/doviesfitness/ui/customview/WrapContentHeightViewPager.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.WrapContentHeightViewPager
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityCreateWorkOutPlanActivtyBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityCreateWorkOutPlanActivtyBinding
com/doviesfitness/utils/BlurDrawable.java
 com.doviesfitness.utils.BlurDrawable
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyDietPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyDietPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/download_background/DownloadListener.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadListener
com/doviesfitness/ui/room_db/TaskDao.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.room_db.TaskDao
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWorkoutGrouplistBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWorkoutGrouplistBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/CollectionListItem.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.CollectionListItem
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/MessageHandler.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.MessageHandler
com/doviesfitness/ui/customview/NestedListView.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.customview.NestedListView
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityChangePasswordActvityBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityChangePasswordActvityBinding
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/CastOptionsProvider.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.CastOptionsProvider
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.CastOptionsProvider$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.CastOptionsProvider$ImagePickerImpl
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/LoopRunnable.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.LoopRunnable
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityGoodForBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityGoodForBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FavFragmentWorkOutPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FavFragmentWorkOutPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/utils/CustomMediaRouteButton.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.CustomMediaRouteButton
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.CustomMediaRouteButton$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.CustomMediaRouteButton$AttachCallback
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.CustomMediaRouteButton$MediaRouterCallback
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentEditProfileBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentEditProfileBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentExerciseBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentExerciseBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityInviteFriendBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityInviteFriendBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentShowWeekThreeBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentShowWeekThreeBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyPlanFromProfileBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyPlanFromProfileBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentPagerWorkOutPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentPagerWorkOutPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivitySelectWorkOutCateguryBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivitySelectWorkOutCateguryBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityVideoDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityVideoDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/PopularCollectionWorkouts.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.PopularCollectionWorkouts
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWorkoutPlanDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWorkoutPlanDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentPagerDietPlanBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentPagerDietPlanBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivitySettingBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivitySettingBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityWorkOutPlanDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityWorkOutPlanDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityWorkOutDetailBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityWorkOutDetailBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityStreamVideoPlayLandscapeTempBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityStreamVideoPlayLandscapeTempBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/multipleQuality/TrackSelectionDialogNew.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialogNew
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialogNew$FragmentAdapter
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialogNew$TrackSelectionViewFragment
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialogNew$TrackSelectionViewFragment$1
 com.doviesfitness.ui.multipleQuality.TrackSelectionDialogNew$TrackSelectionViewFragment$2
com/doviesfitness/chromecast/utils/MediaRouteChooserDialog.java
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouteChooserDialog
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouteChooserDialog$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouteChooserDialog$MediaRouterCallback
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouteChooserDialog$RouteAdapter
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouteChooserDialog$RouteAdapter$1
 com.doviesfitness.chromecast.utils.MediaRouteChooserDialog$RouteComparator
com/doviesfitness/DataBindingInfo.java
 com.doviesfitness.DataBindingInfo
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/workout_tab/swipe_items/ItemTouchHelperViewHolder.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.workout_tab.swipe_items.ItemTouchHelperViewHolder
com/doviesfitness/databinding/CustomNotificationBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.CustomNotificationBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWeekTwoBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWeekTwoBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityWorkoutVideoPlayBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityWorkoutVideoPlayBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityStreamVideoPlayLandscapeBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityStreamVideoPlayLandscapeBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/workout_tab/swipe_items/ItemTouchHelperAdapter.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.workout_tab.swipe_items.ItemTouchHelperAdapter
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/download_background/BoundService.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.BoundService
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.BoundService$MyBinder
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/tv/Data.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.tv.Data
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentMyNewWorkoutlogBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentMyNewWorkoutlogBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityStreamDetailNewBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityStreamDetailNewBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/model/RecentWorkoutsItem.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.model.RecentWorkoutsItem
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivitySubscriptionBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivitySubscriptionBinding
com/doviesfitness/ui/date_picker/LoopTimerTask.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.date_picker.LoopTimerTask
com/doviesfitness/ui/bottom_tabbar/stream_tab/download_background/DownloadService.java
 com.doviesfitness.ui.bottom_tabbar.stream_tab.download_background.DownloadService
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityTempDownloadStreamBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityTempDownloadStreamBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/ActivityCreateDietPcategoryDetailActvityBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.ActivityCreateDietPcategoryDetailActvityBinding
com/doviesfitness/databinding/FragmentWeekOneBinding.java
 com.doviesfitness.databinding.FragmentWeekOneBinding
